Adopt readme for the SAP internal report (#97)
SAP/abap-file-formats-tools: README.md

Pull the source code with [abapGit](https://github.com/abapGit/abapGit/) into your ABAP system.
The latest abapGit build can be downloaded [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/abapGit/build/main/zabapgit.abap).

The reports and their purpose
* `z_generate_json_schema` generates the ABAP file formats JSON Schema (minimal requirement is v7.54)

> * `z_generate_file_format_folder` generates files and folder hierachy for upload and maintain the [abap-file-formats](https://github.com/SAP/abap-file-formats) repository (requires abap file format framework)

Reviewer: typo: hierarchy

> * `z_generate_file_format_folder` generates files and folder hierachy for upload and maintain the [abap-file-formats](https://github.com/SAP/abap-file-formats) repository (requires abap file format framework)

Author: ```suggestion
* `z_generate_file_format_folder` generates files and folder hierarchyfor upload and maintain the [abap-file-formats](https://github.com/SAP/abap-file-formats) repository (requires ABAP file format framework)
```

> * `z_generate_file_format_folder` generates files and folder hierarchy for upload and maintain the [abap-file-formats](https://github.com/SAP/abap-file-formats) repository (requires ABAP file format framework)

Author: ```suggestion
* `z_generate_repo` generates files and folder hierarchy for upload and maintain the [abap-file-formats](https://github.com/SAP/abap-file-formats) repository (requires ABAP file format framework)
```
